How can I change the name I used on my Sportybet account

A withdrawal may fail if the name on your withdrawal bank account does not match the name on your SportyBet account. An error message will appear in this case. How to Update Your Name to Resolve Withdrawal Issue 1. Attempt to make the withdrawal again. When the error message appears, click on 'update name' below the error message. 2. You will be redirected to a verification page. Click on 'Verify'. 3. Enter your NIN (National Identification Number) details in the 'Enter NIN' field. - If you do not have an NIN or encounter an error entering your NIN, click on the link 'I don't have an NIN' and fill out the requested details. 4. Complete the online form and upload all requested documents. Documents should be below 5MB in size. 5. Click 'Submit'. The submit button will only be active after all three details are updated and all documents are uploaded. 6. To further verify your account, select your preferred method to receive an OTP (One Time Password) from the options shown on the screen. - To use the Telegram option, you must have an active Telegram account linked to your phone number. 7. Enter the 6-digit OTP received via your chosen delivery method. 8. Wait up to 48 hours for document verification. If Verification Is Rejected - If your verification is rejected, check the reason by clicking on the 'Rejected' button. - Click on 'Verify' again and upload the correct details as requested. - Once the details are verified, your name will be updated. Note - If a withdrawal has been successfully processed from your SportyBet account in the past, the name on the account cannot be changed. Please ensure that you attempt to withdraw funds to a bank account that has the same name as your SportyBet account. We request you to continue using the same bank account that you have previously used successfully for withdrawals from your SportyBet account. However, if you have officially changed your name then please contact our customer support for further assistance.