Football Betting Market Rules and Settlement

Football Markets General Rules - All markets (except halftime, first-half markets, overtime, and penalty shootout) are settled based on regular time plus injury time. - Unless otherwise stated, overtimes and penalty shootouts do not affect bet outcomes. - If a match is interrupted and continued within 48 hours after initial kickoff, all open bets are settled with the final result. Otherwise, all undecided bets are void. Regular 90 Minutes - Markets are based on the result at the end of scheduled 90 minutes, including injury or stoppage time, but excluding extra-time, penalty shootouts, or golden goals. - Bets may be voided if: - Goals, cards, or penalties occur after the market should have closed. - There is a missing or incorrect red card when the market opens. - Odds are offered with an incorrect match time (over 5 minutes). - An incorrect score is entered; all markets are cancelled for the time the incorrect score was displayed. - The match is not continued within 48 hours after initial kickoff. - Team names or category are displayed incorrectly. - Score or card/corner/penalty changes occur due to VAR. Corners - Only corners that are actually taken are counted. Awarded but untaken corners do not count. - The time used is when the corner is taken. Bookings - Yellow card = 1 card, red or yellow-red card = 2 cards. - A second yellow for one player leading to a yellow-red card is not considered; a player cannot cause more than 3 cards. - Settlement is based on evidence of cards shown during regular 90 minutes. - Cards shown after the match or to non-players (substitutes, managers, bench) are not considered. - For booking points: yellow card = 10 points, red or yellow-red card = 25 points; a player cannot cause more than 35 booking points. Anytime Goalscorer and Player to Score X or More - Own goals are not considered and are ignored for settlement. - All players who took part in the match since kickoff or previous goal are considered as runners. - If an unlisted player scores, all bets on listed players stand. - S