Baseball Betting Market Types and Definitions

Baseball Markets Overview This section describes the different types of betting markets available for baseball matches, including definitions and explanations for each market type. Unless otherwise stated, all markets include extra innings. Market Types and Definitions 1X2 - Predict which team will win the match. Winner (including extra innings) - Predict which team will win the match, including extra innings. Which Team Wins the Rest of the Match (including extra innings) - Predict which team will win the remainder of the match, including extra innings. Handicap (including extra innings) - Predict the winner after applying the specified handicap to the final result, including extra innings. Winning Margin (including extra innings) - Predict which team will win and by exactly how many runs from the given options. Total (including extra innings) - Predict whether the total number of runs in the match will be over or under the indicated spread, including extra innings. xth Inning - 1X2 - Predict the result at the end of the specified inning. xth Inning - Total - Predict whether the total number of runs in the specified inning will be over or under the indicated spread. Innings 1 to 5 – Handicap - Predict which team will lead after the handicap is applied to the score at the end of the fifth inning. Innings 1 to 5 – Total - Predict whether the total number of runs at the end of the fifth inning will be over or under the indicated spread. Innings 1 to 5 - 1X2 - Predict the result at the end of the first 5 innings. Competitor 1 Total (including extra innings) - Predict how many runs Team 1 will score in the match, including extra innings. Competitor 2 Total (including extra innings) - Predict how many runs Team 2 will score in the match, including extra innings. Odd/Even (including extra innings) - Predict if the total number of runs in the match will be odd or even. Note: Zero is considered even. xth Run (including extra innings) - Predict which team will score the specified (Xth) run, including extra innings. Race t