Baseball Betting Market Types and Definitions

xtra innings. Race to X Runs (including extra innings) - Predict which team will reach the specified number of runs (X) first in the match, including extra innings. Total (Over-Exact-Under) (including extra innings) - Predict whether the total number of runs in the match will be over, under, or equal to the allotted line, including extra innings. Run Range (including extra innings) - Predict the number of runs in the match, including extra innings. When Will the Xth Run Be Scored (including extra innings) - Predict when the specified (Xth) run will be scored, including extra innings. Both Teams Over X.5 (including extra innings) - Predict if both teams will score over the indicated spread, including extra innings. xth Inning – Handicap - Predict the winner of the inning after applying the specified handicap, including extra innings. xth Inning - Competitor 1 Total - Predict how many runs Team 1 will score in the specified inning. xth Inning - Competitor 2 Total - Predict how many runs Team 2 will score in the specified inning. xth Inning - Competitor 1 to Score - Predict if Team 1 will score a run in the specified inning. xth Inning - Competitor 2 to Score - Predict if Team 2 will score a run in the specified inning. xth Inning - Both Teams to Score - Predict if both teams will score runs in the specified inning. Innings 1 to 5 - Competitor 1 Total - Predict how many runs Team 1 will score at the end of the 5th inning. Innings 1 to 5 - Competitor 2 Total - Predict how many runs Team 2 will score at the end of the 5th inning. Will There Be an Extra Inning - Predict whether extra innings will be played in the match. Team to Win More Innings - Predict which team will win more innings in the match. 1X2 & Total (including extra innings) - Predict which team will win the match and the total number of points, including extra innings. Winner & Total (including extra innings) - Predict which team will win the match and the total number of runs, including extra innings.