Boxing Betting Markets and Settlement Rules

Boxing Markets Overview This section explains the rules and settlement terms for various boxing betting markets. Winner Market - Predict which competitor will win the fight. - If the fight results in a draw (including Majority Draw or Technical Draw), all bets will be void. 1x2 Market - Predict which competitor will win the fight. - If the fight ends in a Majority Draw or a Technical Draw, the Draw option will be the winning selection. Over/Under Rounds - Predict whether the total number of rounds fought will be over or under a specified line. - For half round markets, 1 minute 30 seconds of the respective round defines the half. - Example: 9.5 rounds means 1 minute 30 seconds of the 10th round. - If the fight ends exactly at 1 minute 30 seconds of the 10th round, the result is over 9.5 rounds. Winner & Exact Rounds - Predict which competitor will win and the round in which the fight result will be determined. - Bets are for a fighter to win by KO, TKO, or disqualification during that round. - If a boxer fails to answer the bell for the next round, the opponent is deemed to have won in the previous round. - In the event of a Technical Decision before the end of the fight: - All bets will be settled as a win by Decision. - Round bets will be deemed lost. Winner & Round Range - Predict which competitor will win and the round range in which the fight result will be determined. - Bets are for a fighter to win by KO, TKO, or disqualification during these rounds. - If a boxer fails to answer the bell for the next round, the opponent is deemed to have won in the previous round. - In the event of a Technical Decision before the end of the fight: - All bets will be settled as a win by Decision. - Round bets will be deemed lost. Winning Method - Predict the exact method of victory in the fight. - All bets are settled on the official result declared. - A win by disqualification is counted as Knockout/Technical Knockout. Will the Fight Go the Distance - Predict if the full amount of scheduled rounds will be completed. - In t