Cricket Betting Markets Explained

Cricket Markets Overview This guide provides definitions and explanations for the different cricket betting markets available. Each market allows you to bet on specific outcomes or events within a cricket match or series. Main Match Result Markets 1X2 - Predict the match result at full time. - Options: Home win (1), Draw (X), Away win (2) Double Chance - Bet covers two of the three possible outcomes in the match with one bet. - Options: 1 or X (Home wins or draw), 1 or 2 (Home or Away wins), 2 or draw (Away wins or draw) Draw No Bet - Predict the match result at full time. If the teams draw, the selection is voided. - Options: Home wins, Away wins Winner (including super over) - Predict the match result at full time, including a super over if played. - Options: Home win (1), Away win (2) Will There Be a Tie? - Predict whether there will be a tie at full time. - Options: Yes, No Innings and Over-Based Markets Xth Innings - Competitor1 Run Range - Predict the home run range at the Xth innings. Xth Innings - Competitor2 Run Range - Predict the away run range at the Xth innings. Xth Innings - Home/Away Total at Xth Dismissal - Predict whether home/away total runs at Xth dismissal of Xth innings will be over or under a given line. Xth Innings Overs 0 to X - 1X2 - Predict the match result at 0-Xth overs of Xth innings. Xth Innings Overs 0 to X - Home/Away Total - Predict whether home/away total runs at 0-Xth overs of Xth innings will be over or under a given line. Xth Innings Overs 0 to X - Competitor1/2 Run Range - Predict the home/away run range at 0-Xth overs of Xth innings. Xth Innings Over X - Home/Away Total - Predict whether home/away total runs at the Xth innings over X will be over or under a given line. Xth Innings Over X - Home/Away Odd/Even - Predict whether home/away runs at the Xth innings over X is odd or even. Xth Innings Over X - Xth Delivery Home/Away Total - Predict whether home/away total runs at Xth delivery of Xth innings will be over or under a given line. Xth Innings - Home/Away Total - Predict 