Cricket Betting Markets Explained

ng up to X at full time. Team and Player Performance Markets Most Fours/Sixes - Predict which team has the most fours or sixes at full time. Most Extras - Predict which team scores the most extras at full time. Most Run-Outs - Predict which team has more run-outs at full time. Options: Home, Draw, Away Total in the Highest Scoring Over - Predict whether the total score at the highest scoring over will be over or under a given line. Top Batter/Bowler - Predict who is the top batter or bowler at full time. Player of the Match - Predict who is the player of the match. Head-to-Head Player Markets Batter, Bowler, All-Rounder, Keeper Head2Head (1X2) - Predict who scores more player performance points between two players. Player performance is calculated as follows: 1 point per run, 20 per wicket, 10 per catch, 25 per stumping. Batter Head2Head (Handicap) - Predict who scores more player performance points between two players, considering a handicap. Other Specialized Markets Xth Innings - Home/Away Odd/Even - Predict whether home/away total runs at the Xth innings is odd or even. Xth Innings - Home/Away to Finish with a Boundary - Predict whether home/away finishes Xth innings with a boundary. Which Team Wins the Coin Toss - Predict which team wins the coin toss. Which Team Wins the Coin Toss and the Match - Predict which team wins both the coin toss and the match. Options: home team, neither, away team Total Ducks - Predict whether the total number of ducks (players scoring 0 runs) will be over or under a given line. Total Wides - Predict whether the total number of wides will be over or under a given line. Total Dismissals - Predict whether runs at total dismissals are over or under a given line. Team with Top Batter/Bowler - Predict which team the top batter or bowler belongs to. Top Batter (Batsman) Total - Predict whether total runs scored by the top batter will be over or under a given line. Rabbit Total - Predict whether the number of runs scored by the 11th batter in the combined innings will be over or under a