Darts Betting Markets Explained

Darts Markets Overview This section provides definitions and explanations for the various betting markets available for darts matches. Main Match Markets - 1X2: Predict who will win the match (draw possible). - Winner: Predict who will win the match (no draw option). - Set Winner: Predict who will win a specific set. - Total Sets: Predict whether the total number of sets will be over or under a specified line. - Set Handicap: Determine the winner of the match after applying the indicated set spread to the final result. - Leg Handicap: Determine the winner of the match after applying the indicated leg spread to the final result. - Total Legs: Predict whether the total number of legs will be over or under a specified line. - Odd/Even Sets: Predict whether the total number of sets will be odd (1, 3, 5, 7, 9, etc.) or even (0, 2, 4, 6, 8, etc.). Set-Specific Markets - Xth Set - Which Player Wins the Rest: Predict which player will win the remainder of the Xth set. - Xth Set - Leg Handicap: Determine the winner of the set after applying the indicated leg spread to the final result. - Xth Set - Total Legs: Predict whether the total number of legs in the Xth set will be over or under a specified line. - Xth Set - Odd/Even Legs: Predict whether the total number of legs in the Xth set will be odd or even. - Xth Set - Correct Score (in Legs): Predict the correct score in the set, based on legs won by each player. Leg-Specific Markets - Xth Set Leg X - Winner: Predict the winner of leg X in the Xth set. - Xth Set Leg X - Total Darts: Predict how many darts will be thrown in the leg. - Xth Set Leg X - Point Range on Xth Visit: Predict how many points will be scored on the first visit in the leg. - Xth Set Leg X - Checkout Score: Predict if the checkout score in the leg will be over or under 41+ points. - Xth Set Leg X - Checkout Colour: Predict if the checkout colour in the leg will be Red or Green. 180s Markets - Most 180s: Predict which player will score more 180s in the match. - Xth Player to Score a 180: Predict which pl