Futsal Betting Markets and Rules

Futsal Markets General Rules - All markets (except halftime, first half markets, overtime, and penalty shootout) are considered for regular time only. - If a match is interrupted and continued within 48 hours after the initial kick-off date, all open bets will be settled with the final result. - If a match is not continued within 48 hours after the initial kick-off date, all undecided bets are considered void. Settlement and Cancellation Rules - If the market remains open after goals, red or yellow-red cards, or penalties have occurred, betting may be voided. - If the market was opened with a missing or incorrect red card, betting may be voided. - If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (by more than 2 minutes), betting may be voided. - If a wrong score is entered, all markets will be cancelled for the period when the incorrect score was displayed. - If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48 hours after the initial kick-off date, betting will be void. - If team names or category are displayed incorrectly, betting may be voided. Futsal Market Types 1X2 - Predict which team will win the match. Overtime is not included. Which Team Wins the Rest of the Match - Predict the result for the remainder of regular time. Next Goal - Predict which team will score the Nth goal in the match. Double Chance - Predict the match result by combining two of the three possible outcomes (1X, X2, or 12). Draw No Bet - Predict the winner of the match. If the teams draw, the selection will be voided. Handicap - Predict the winner in regular time, taking into consideration the handicap shown in brackets. Over/Under - Predict whether the total number of goals scored in regular time is over or under a given line. Odd/Even - Predict whether the total number of goals in the match will be odd or even. No goal counts as even. GG/NG (Both Teams to Score) - Predict whether both teams will score in regular time. - Yes (GG): Both teams score. - No (NG): At least one team does not score. 1st Half Markets - 1st Ha