Handball Betting Market Types Explained

Handball Markets Overview This section explains the different types of betting markets available for handball matches. Market Types 1X2 - Predict the result at full time. 1st Half - 1X2 - Predict the result at first half time. Total Goals - Predict whether the total number of goals at full time will be over or under a specified line. Home Total Goals - Predict whether the total number of goals scored by competitor 1 at full time will be over or under a specified line. Away Total Goals - Predict whether the total number of goals scored by competitor 2 at full time will be over or under a specified line. Handicap - Predict the final result of the match with a handicap applied. For example, (0:1.5) means the away team starts with a 1.5 goal advantage, while (1.5:0) means the home team starts with a 1.5 goal advantage. Odd/Even - Predict whether the total number of goals in the match will be odd (1, 3, 5, 7, 9, etc.) or even (0, 2, 4, 6, 8, etc.). 1st Half - Odd/Even - Predict whether the total number of goals at 1st half time will be odd or even. Double Chance - A double chance bet covers two of the three possible outcomes in the match with one bet. Options include: - 1 or X: competitor 1 wins or draw - 1 or 2: competitor 1 wins or competitor 2 wins - 2 or draw: competitor 2 wins or draw Draw No Bet - Predict the match result at full time. If the match ends in a draw, the bet is voided. Options: - competitor 1 wins - competitor 2 wins Halftime/Fulltime - Predict the result of the match at both halftime and full time. Possible combinations: - competitor 1/competitor 1 - competitor 1/draw - competitor 1/competitor 2 - draw/competitor 1 - draw/draw - draw/competitor 2 - competitor 2/competitor 1 - competitor 2/draw - competitor 2/competitor 2 Highest Score Half - Predict which half of the match will have the highest number of goals. If both halves have the same number of goals, the result is equal. Home Highest Score Half - Predict in which half competitor 1 will score the most goals. If both halves have the same numbe