Tennis Betting Market Types and Rules

Tennis Markets Important Rules - In case of default, retirement, or walkover of any player, all undecided bets are considered void. - If there is a delay (such as rain or darkness), all markets remain unsettled and trading will continue as soon as the match resumes. - If penalty points are awarded by the umpire, all bets on that game will stand. - If a match finishes before certain points or games are completed, all affected point/game-related markets are considered void. Settlement and Cancellation Rules - If markets remain open with an incorrect score that significantly impacts prices, the operator reserves the right to void betting. - If players or teams are displayed incorrectly, the operator reserves the right to void betting. - If a player retires, all undecided markets are considered void. - If a match tie-break is played as a deciding set in a Best of 3 format, it is considered the 3rd set. - Every tie-break or match tie-break counts as 1 game. Market Types and Definitions - Winner: Who will win the match. - Game Handicap: The winner of the match after applying the indicated game spread to the final result. - Set Handicap: The winner of the match after applying the indicated set spread to the final result. - Total Games: Predict whether the total number of games is over or under a given line. A tiebreak is regarded as a game. - Xth Set - Winner: Who will win the specified set. - Xth Set Game X - Winner: Who will win the specified game in the specified set. - Xth Set Game X - First X Points Winner: Who will win the first specified number of points in the specified game of the specified set. - Xth Set Game X - Xth Point: Who will win the specified point in the specified game of the specified set. - Competitor 1/2 to Win a Set: Will player 1 or player 2 win a set. - Any Set to Nil: Any set to finish 6:0 or 0:6. - Exact Sets: The exact number of sets played in the match. - Correct Score: The correct score of the match in terms of sets won by each player. - Xth Set - Game Handicap: The winner of the set after 