Tennis Betting Market Types and Rules

er of the set after applying the indicated game spread to the final result. - Xth Set - Total Games: Predict how many games will be played in the set. - Xth Set - Odd/Even Games: Predict whether the total number of games in the set will be odd or even. - Xth Set - Will There Be a Tiebreak: Will there be a tiebreak in the set. - Xth Set - Correct Score: The correct score in the set in terms of games won by each player. - Xth Set - Race to X Games: Who will win the specified number of games in the set first. - Xth Set - [X]th and [X+1]th Game Winner: Who will win the specified consecutive games in the set. - Competitor 1/2 to Win Exactly 1 Set: Will player 1 or player 2 win exactly one set in the match. - Competitor 1/2 to Win Exactly 2 Sets: Will player 1 or player 2 win exactly two sets in the match. - Competitor 1 Total Games: Predict how many games player 1 will win in the match. - Competitor 2 Total Games: Predict how many games player 2 will win in the match. - Odd/Even Games: Predict whether the total number of games played in the match will be odd or even. - Xth Set Game X - Exact Points: Predict how many points will be played in the game (4, 5, 6, or 7+). - Xth Set Game X - To Deuce: Will there be deuce in the game. - Xth Set Game X - Odd/Even Points: Predict whether the total number of points played in the game will be odd or even. - Xth Set Game X - Correct Score: Predict the correct score in the game. - Xth Set Game X - Race to X Points: Who will win the specified number of points in the game first. - Xth Set Game X - First X Points Winner: Which player will win the first specified number of points in the game. - Xth Set Game X - Xth Point: Which player will win the specified point. - Will There Be a Tiebreak: Will there be a tiebreak in the match. - Double Result (1st Set/Match): First set and match winner. - Xth Set Game X - Correct Score or Break: Predict the correct score of the game. Note If the above solutions have been tried and did not work, the case should be handed off to a human agent.