How to Play Sporty HiLo

Sporty Hi-Lo is a very easy and rewarding game. - On hitting the Start button from the welcome screen, the user will see 2 cards out of which the first card is the dealer card and the second card will be the player card. Important Note - The entire round would be played using a single well-shuffled deck of 52 cards. This means that in the middle of a round while making a decision, a user has the benefit of knowing the history of the previously played cards and can use that to his/her advantage while making a decision as the same card won’t be appearing twice in the same round. - Users can then select the stake amount by adjusting the slider between the minimum and maximum values or via chips. - The user will be shown the payout odds against the HIGH or LOW decision. - To make things better and simpler for the user, there will also be a history of cards that will be shown on the top left portion of the screen to facilitate the decision. - '2' would have the smallest value and 'ACE’ would have the highest. Also, the same cards of different suits have the same value. - If there is a draw i.e. dealer’s card value is the same as the user’s card value then the user doesn’t lose and the stake amount is credited back to the user. - The initial bet + the total win amount for that round would always be the stake amount in a particular turn. But the user will still have the facility to cash out of that round in between whenever the user feels like. - Users can also see the bet history by clicking on the ‘Bet History’ button provided. - The back button allows you to exit the round and go out of the game. How to place a bet - To place a bet, the user simply needs to choose the sake amount by either adjusting the slider or via chips. User can also select New Round in case if he or she wishes to skip the current round. - The user then needs to select the Lower or Higher and submit the bet. A confirmation screen will pop up. Users can check the details and confirm. - The result of the bet will be immediate. Proceeds will immedia