How to Resolve Withdrawal Issues Caused by Name Mismatch

Withdrawal Issue Due to Name Mismatch Overview If you are unable to withdraw because the name on your withdrawal bank account does not match the name on your SportyBet account, you will receive an error message. How to Resolve Name Mismatch Withdrawal Issues 1. Attempt the withdrawal again. When the error message appears, click on 'update name' displayed below the error message. 2. You will be redirected to a verification page. Click on 'Verify'. 3. Enter your NIN details in the 'Enter NIN' field to update your name correctly. If You Do Not Have an NIN or Encounter an Error - Click on the link 'I don't have an NIN' and fill out the requested details in the online form. - Upload the required documents. Documents should be below 5MB in size. - Click 'Submit'. The submit button will only be active after you have updated all three required details and uploaded the necessary documents. Account Verification Process 1. Select your preferred method to receive your OTP from the options shown on the screen. - Note: To use the Telegram option, you must have an active Telegram account linked to your phone number. 2. Enter the 6-digit OTP code received via your chosen delivery method. 3. Wait up to 48 hours for document verification. If Verification is Rejected - Check the rejection reason by clicking the 'Rejected' button. - Click 'Verify' again and upload the correct details as requested. - Once the details are verified, your name will be updated. Important Notes - Once an account is created with a verified phone number, it cannot be changed to a different number. - If you have lost your SIM card, please contact your mobile network provider to request a new SIM with the same number. - If you have officially changed your name then please contact our customer support for further assistance. If you have tried all of the above solutions and are still unable to resolve the issue, the case should be handed off to a human agent.