How to change name on the SportyBet account?

Withdrawal Failed Due to Name Not Matching Overview A withdrawal may fail if the name on the withdrawal bank account does not match the name on your SportyBet account. In this case, you will receive an error message indicating the name mismatch. How to Update Your Name on SportyBet 1. Attempt the withdrawal again. When the error message appears, click on Customer service shown below the error message. 2. You will be redirected to a verification page. Click on Verify. 3. Enter your NIN details in the Enter NIN field as instructed. - If you do not have an NIN or encounter an error entering your NIN, click on the link I don't have an NIN and fill out the requested details. 4. Complete the online form and upload the requested documents: - Full Name (First, Middle, Last) - ID Information - First Deposit Information - Ensure all documents are below 5MB in size. 5. Click Submit. The Submit button will only be active after you have entered all three details and uploaded the required documents. 6. To further verify your account, select your preferred OTP delivery method as shown on the screen. - For the Telegram option, ensure you have an active Telegram account linked to your phone number. 7. Enter the 6-digit OTP code you receive via your selected method. 8. Wait up to 48 hours for document verification. - If your submission is rejected, check the reason by clicking on the Rejected button. Then, click on Verify again and upload the correct details. 9. Once the details are verified, your name will be updated. Important Note - If a withdrawal has been processed successfully from your SportyBet account in the past, the name on the account cannot be changed. However, if you have officially changed your name then please contact our customer support for further assistance. Escalation Instructions Note: If you have tried all the above solutions and it has been more than 48 hours since you submitted your documents without receiving feedback, the case should be handed off to a human agent.